text update adding link to use case data types (#597)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/optimizing-api-calls.md

:::

## Optimising by use case

> Only pull the required dataTypes for your use case.  As part of your implementation, it's worth checking which [dataTypes are needed for your use case](/docs/usecases/overview.md), rather than pulling all. 

Reviewer: It might be worth adding some reasoning here? e.g.
- It's good/necessary from a data/trust perspective
- Reduce the complexity of your application

> Only pull the required dataTypes for your use case.  As part of your implementation, it's worth checking which [dataTypes are needed for your use case](/docs/usecases/overview.md), rather than pulling all. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As part of your implementation, check which [data types are relevant to your use case](/docs/usecases/overview.md), and focus on pulling only those data types. 
```

Reviewer 2: and then after this you could mention what Max suggested, a sentence on reasoning
